
Hi, my name is Victor, I'm from Odessa, Ukraine. My hobbies are sports and playing the guitar. 
My last jobs were gym trainer and seaman. 
How did my way in programming begin? - I like neurobiology, psychology and everything related to the work of the brain and human behavior. 
In lectures on neuroscience, often talk about artificial intelligence. This topic interested me and I began to study in more detail. 
We were not taught programming at school and university. I knew absolutely nothing about programming.
And the fact that everyone can learn to program was a discovery for me. 
At school my favorite subject was math, my English level is pre-intermediate, I am a fast learner and I enjoy solving complex tasks. 
Based on this, I decided that I could become a programmer. 
On the first day, I studied the road map, downloaded video courses with machine learning, data science and python. 
In a month, I mastered the basic syntax of python. 
By this time, I realized that in machine learning there is too high a threshold for entry  and a very deep knowledge of mathematics is needed. 
I decided to put machine learning aside for a couple of years and started looking for a free coding course with homework and deadlines. 
I found rsschool, but it was four months before the course started. 
I did not want to wait so long and found a Ukrainian course in computer science under the program of Harvard University CS-106. 
In two weeks I learned basic javascript syntax and passed the entrance exam. 
The course itself was in java. 
There were very difficult tasks, we called each other by video call and conducted a code review and this was a huge plus in learning. 
After half a year, I completed this course. 
By this time, I had a general picture of the IT and I decided that I would go into IT through the frontend,
get a job, get to the position of a middle developer, and only then start studying data scince and machine learning. 
I signed up for rsschool, but didn't make it to the start of stage 0 and was waiting for the start of stage 1.
And now I'm already at stage 2, I have high grades and my interest in learning is still high. 
In general, I continue to study further and dream of my first job

